# Expected

### In the background

Sarah Lark has learned of a potential place for the Gudgeon. More importantly, she was learned from Chiko Yasu that the Gudgeon may very well be carrying the lost Japanese from from WW2. Together, they work out a plan. Chiko sends Ai Fujita with Sarah's team to keep an eye out for things (in case Sarah isn't as trustworthy as she seems). Ai's goal is to protect the party and report to Chiko.

Unbeknowst to them, Blaire Watts has learned of Sarah's plans (but does not know about Chiko). She feels the Gudgeon should be a historical treasure, not some grave to be robbes. As such, she commands Miguel (one of a few of Sarah's people still loyal to Blaire) to help ensure the wreck is handled properly (i.ie not stolen). She furtehr contacts Mr. Combs, who heads the Japan Cultural Procurement Office (they are in charge of historical heritage works, but surprisingly Mr. Combs seems like a capable fighter as well).

Even if the gold is found, Sarah and Chiko must somehow transport it. They make a deal with a smuggling operation lead by David Tosie. In return for some of the gold, they will transport the rest out of Micronesia nad japan waters. Of course, if David thinks he can somehow keep all the trasure ... well, he is a smuggler.

Antonia, leading the operation, finds and uses Naomi's services to get equipment for the party. She also hires a well known corrupt beaurocrat, Flathin Palemar, to smooth out any issues with the Micronesia goverment.

However, Falthin look into what Antonia is planning and starts fishing for information. David Tosie sends his pesuasive speaker Howard Rendalt to try to make a deal with Falthin: Together they take all the gold, and Falthin helps David smuggle it out and bride those needed in the goverment. Having learned about the gold, Falthin contacts his friend Jimmy and telss him of the treasure. 

Now, Falthin and Jimmy want all the treasure to themselves and figure they don't need smugglers. The msugglers also want the gold, although they are willing to part with a small amount of it to Falthin for help. 

Meanwhile, the JSDF, contacted by Mr. Combs, has begun to troll the seas in search of ways that the gold could be trasorted (so looking for smugglers). They are also told about the party and the operation, and told to help *winding* the treasure but then help make sure the treasure is not taken by enyone except the goverment of Japan.

### The steup

- each party memebr individually invited for a job
- meeting with Sarah Lark
- get ready with things and meet crew
- crew
  - party
  - Anotnia (head of ops)
  - Miguel (defense/help)
  - Ai Fujita (defense, from imperial)
  - 3x security

### Arrival at Ops Center

- Find bunker ruins, underground leaky chanbers for working in.
- next day will visit "market" to get things that are needed.
- first night, the satellite phone "breaks" (Miguel sabotaged it, but well enough that it looked like equipment failure).
- Miguel places second satellite phone on party's clothes
- party get called the next evening from Blaire
- Evidence of some previous resident in bunker.
- (The smugglers are using it as a stash location)
- Party finds the stash on the first night
- Smugglers attack during night to get stash back. They don't know party is with Sarah/Chiko. Some security personel may die/heavily hurt.
- When smuggler learn this, they back off, but still take their stash with them.
- one of the *smuggler's* crew is working for Jimmy and tells him of the location of the ops center.

# Events

- Energine is the "company" that Sarah Lark used to give grant
- Sarah has previously given out grants like these in Gustavo's institution
- Al governing board paperwork seem to be in order
- bound journal saying "draft" with all gustavo's research
- Gustavo is in cambridge
- Sylfred , Universiry of MInneapolis
- Sarah's "spiritual mission" resonated well. We must change it so that she is not lying.
- Miguel found smuggler's hideout
- Miguel setup tripreis inside
- Muscle A setup trip wires (to explosives) outside
- Portable bathroom setup inside
- Bunker was in worse shape, only has 5 rooms (one which has smuggler's stuff)
- Miguels brought 2 IR cameras which he set up inside looking at door and at hallway.
- Bunker is a single tunnel with rooms leading out of it to ehteir side (5 rooms in total, not per side)


# CHANGES

- Sarah now is *atually* working to get grandfather. BUT she is also working with Chiko Yasu. She knows about gold and will give it to him in exchange for help getting grandfather out.

- Miguel tells Blaire about Chiko/Sarah agreement. She thinksthe gold should *also* go to the Japan historic value, rather than taken by a person (Chicko).

- All parties want the gudgeon *found*. The problem comes with what to do with the gold afterwards (IF the gold even exists)

