
# facts

- Gato class sub would have had <= 60 crew.

- mark 18 torpedoes were first electric used by US. Slower than Mark 10. The batteries, if contminated with seawater, can release sizable amount of hydrogen that could essentially poinson/daze the crew and create and explosion.

# things happening during previsous / concurrent

- Balalika contacts colleague told to look up Gudgeon's call number and fabricates a story about having found a *ledger* with the id. She also tells them of the "expedition" to find a ship (not sub) and gives them the location. It *is* a shipwreck, previously unknown to the community, but is far away from the site of the true expedition.

- Minato (Japan Navy) uses facial recognition to figure out Gustavo and Sylfred. They decide to make contact via Ai. While she was unconcious in the cave, they slipped a small transmitter unknown to her (basically a micro medium-range radio). They have been listening to the conversations around Ai.

- balalika tags all the equipment sent by Naomi

- lorleen gets wind of moement by Jimmy, balalike and Japan navy, goes to investigate.

- Chiko Yasu sends out a group of "agents" to check on why the Japan Navy is around the middle of nowhere flying drones. Thinks it might be tied to the sub and thinks David Tosie crew can't handle navy by themselves (probably true).
  - 4 small power boats, each with 4 agents for a total of 16 agents
  - agents are "kindof" trained but are really just hired local security
  - they'll be trying to sneak around looking at what the navy is doing. They might also come in contact with balalika or jimmy as well
  
- Antonia and Jimmy finally get to agreement that she was not going to double cross him, and now they will start looking for expedition's ship with all 3 of jimmy's ships (3 mean each) for a total of 9 grunts + Jimmy + Antonia + Tano = 12. Each named character is leading a boat.


- Gudgeon running "light" to have space for gold, so crew was down to 25.


# events

- Minato makes contact

- tell minato about balalika, antonia
  - antonia suspicious
  
- tell about david tosie
  - might have ties to balalika
  
- minato says
  - well aquainted with david tosies
  - curses at balalika being there as the russian's
	- she's taken over about 80% of illegal activities
  - KNows nothing about Antonia
  
  - Balaika is playing a longer game than just treasure/money
  
- Tell Minato about Mina/Falthin

- tell minato
  - we think jimmy connected to micronesia gov. (Mina/Falthin)
  - mina bails jimmy a lot
  
- Kirby92 finds things out about Minato/Navy

- Minator thinks there's something else in shipwreck more than jsut gold

- Gudgeon was best sub, then it "hit a rock"
  - why patrolling in that area
  - why have gold or artifacts
  - so maybe "carrying something"
  - maybe a covert mission
  
- maybe gudgeon was sabotaged

- actually, no NOT
  - check colleagues to find list of crew in teh gudgeon

- contact Minato for help with shipwreck
  - says yes, will send squad, HALO drop

- what to tell david:
  - "Going to the market"
  
- group to wreck
  - miguel, AI, gustavo, Sylfred
  
- balalika is trying to misdirect
  - they find out
  

- Minato 
  - special command group
  - previous mission is super classified
  - Mr. Combs is higher up
	- Japanese Cultural MInistry
	- Doesn't appear public facing
	- Group inside goverment that "tricky" international situations
	- Mr. Combs
		- sevarl comminuations Mb. Combs and Blaire Watts
	- Ai used to be part of navy, Same as Minato
		- discharged, honorably
		- too independant
		
- Gudgeon was running at half crew of 31


	

