
Welcome to the land of Cloven. It is taught that our land was once covered in ocean, full of sea life and placid in it's waters. Soon, the land fell from the sky, crashing atop waves, bringing with it life that thrived in the sun. The Celestials, in their wisdom, bestowed upon the land peoples. The Races of the Dawn spread throughout the land and were at peace. So above, so below, Cloven was whole. That is, until The Fall.

Nothing is know about what caused The Fall, or what exactly it was. But the result is evident to this day. The land once whole shattered, split as if from the very roots. As terrible as the scar left on the land, the scare left on life is ever more insidious. Monsters came into being. People from every races turned, awakened to needs, desires ... to hatred. Animals warped into beasts of tooth and claw, grew in size, intelligence, and above all grew an insatiable hunger for destruction and death.

The strongest of the monsters were the changed one, once of the Races of the Dawn, these monsters changed in appearance into horrid nightmares. Visages that haunt the minds of the sane. Strength, magic, hatred: the changed ones gave us the most perfect example; that of evil. We call them Demons.

After millennia of fighting, of death, of hope and sorrow, The Races of the Dawn created footholds. Places bound by the rule of Law and not the Rule of Might.

We begin our tale in the Kingdom of Kryta, a flourishing foothold at the mid-western edge of Gallar -- the largest of the rendered islands that now cover the oceans of Cloven.

In the small farming town of Jackson on the southern tip of Kryta, a young farmhand begins their journey of discovery. As with any beginning, the Celestials watch and pay it no heed. Some stories are cut short by the world, others weave through time gently like the breeze. Yet again, there are some stories that draw fate onto them. These stories begin as most do, but the ties of destiny are strong indeed, and the pull of good, and of evil, are not to be ignored. Some stories are so imbued with possibility, and power, that even the Celestial take an interest in the telling.

-----



Even before the tiny speck of dust makes their nose itch, Gustavo's mind draws itself from sleep. It was a restless night, and long night. The kind of night before attending your naming ceremony, or the three nights spent waiting to the solstice feast to start. Today, Gustavo would leave his home, and his life s a farmer. Plans, as much as they could be called that, were made. Warnings, hugs and frowns had been tossed around, kicked back, and all was said and done. All that was left, all the was needed, was to begin.

Breakfast was ... breakfast. Gustavo ate a bit quicker than usual. Whether from hunger or nerves, they shoveled food down their throat without really tasting it. Twelve years ago to the day, under a bright new moon, Gustavo was born. First, and only, child, Gustavo grew up on the farm, learning to help early and lending aid freely. The life, Gustavo's life, was warm and stationary. Gustavo may have called it stale. Until a year ago. Waking up from a nightmare they could not remember, Gustavo tired to sit up on their bed only to realize that they were floating several feet off the ground. Small pinpricks one his skin followed the tracks of tiny lightning bolts as they shot out of their body and into the room. Hair alight with crackling energy, Gustavo could feel the bolts crawl around their mouth, tingling as gently as the touch of a sour berry on the tongue. A few seconds, nothing more. The bed caught Gustavo, the energy gone as suddenly as it appeared. That's when Gustavo realized his life was not stale, simply stuck. Today, Gustavo would begin to move.

Walking out their front door, the first thing you see is your best friend, neighbor, and now companion Owlet. Short even by halfling standards, the old mule Twineback, rustled up by their parents, stood beside them, brimming with the majestic equine form. That is, until you blocked the sun from your eyes and stepped close enough for the optical illusion to shatter. Too old for work, too tough to eat and too expensive to feed. It really was a miracle their parents had found. Behind the mule sat a small, sturdy looking cart. Big enough for the two of them an a few bags -- barely. The again, Twineback could probably not pull anything bigger or heavier than what could fit in the cart. It was a gift from Owlet's brothers, all five of them. Matthew, the eldest and most responsible of the lot, had given it to them the night before during the festivities. As the eldest, Mathew was in charge of their farm. Kevin, the second child in Owlet's family, was graciously going to be helping out Gustavo's folks, as their only child had given themselves to wanderlust. And Owlet, the third youngest. Your best friend, born just months apart. Coming with Gustavo to protect each other, ostensibly, Owlet divulged yesterday that both their farms had a hard few years, and feeding two fewer mouths would be a fine respite from the realities of the world.

Already, your father had gone into the fields and the thin smoke coming from the chimney meant your mother had started the day's cooking. In your single bag, you had carefully packed the map given to you by Father David the previous day. It was handmade, on rough cracked parchment that had seen better days, and invaluable as an aid. Father David is the only one in the village that had ever been anywhere outside of the village. Merchants sometimes came through, but by and by the folks of Jackson lived of the land. This map contained every bit of knowledge the village had of the outside world. 
