---
title: Get to Beggarsbottom
---

You finally crest over one last hill and see the town of [Beggarsbottom](../places/beggarsbottom/story.md). It is the largest town you have seen. You can see people coming in and out of town, some pulling carts and some on horses. The people you see walking around look mostly like farmers, and as you enter town from the south you begin to greet and nod at everyone you move past. [Mary](../characters/mary-tanner.md) gestures to a set of poles and you realize they are stakes to tied hordes and mules to. You edge over and secure your cart and mule as you stretch and look around; You have reached finally [Beggarsbottom](../places/beggarsbottom/story.md), safe and somewhat more wise to the world.

[Mary](../characters/mary-tanner.md) puts her hand on [Owlex's](../characters/owlex.md). "So, now that you're here, what's the plan? You both look at each other and you can hear [Mary]() shakes her day a little bit and grins as she continues, "Ok, so you guys wanted to get more information on the [Adventurers Guild](../places/adventurers-guild.md) right. And do you have a place to stay already figured out?" The two of you hadn't really thought beyond getting to town, and no-one in your village knows anybody this far away. [Mary](../characters/mary-tanner.md) looks up, thinking, then flashes a smile. "Tell you what, you can stay at my place until you figure out what's next. I'm sure there's space enough for two more tiny things like you". In particular she looks over a [Gustavo](../characters/gustavo.md). "[Beggarsbottom](../places/beggarsbottom/story.md) isn't known for being cheap, the [The Stag](../places/beggarsbottom/story.md#sleeping-stag) is the only place to stay in town .... it's 1 GP per night without food ... and food's not good, so skip it" She scans the road and building. "My place is a bit outside of town, so how about we go to the [Adventurers Guild](../places/adventurers-guild.md) first and get anything we want in the town proper before heading over to see my place."
