---
title: Owlex spirit meeting with Nature 1 (dream)
---

The days has worn you out Owlex and you finally relax and stretch out your body on the forest ground. You worked in your family's farm from dawn to dusk, but you feel more tired now than you ever did working on the farm. The events of the day come unbidden into your thoughts as you mind wanders while your body slowly give into the crooks and bumps of the sleeping bad. In particular you remember the wolves. So starved and desperate that they attacked even through the pungent smell of Sam's herb-smoke. At the farm wolves always caused trouble by eating some of the chickens. But those wolves were always strong, proud animals. Kings of their domain. The wolves today were nothing like the one's she had seen before. Desperate instead of proud. Ragged instead of strong. For a whole pack of wolves to wither into what she saw today felt wrong. Something doesn't sit well with you as your mind continues to wander over the day's events.

You remember the raw disgust as you first spotted the swarm of beetles attacking [Mary](../characters/mary-tanner.md). The beetles seemed bloated, malformed, with jaws and mouths too big to be natural. And their eyes. Beetles should not have hints of hatred in their eyes, but these did. This was the first monsters you have seen. True monsters, not part of the animal food web. They felt wrong, in a primordial way they seemed to reject nature and balance, striving for utter desolation rather than harmony with the world. It was the first time you used your powers to stop such perversions. And it felt ... good. It felt proper and right to sweep away their chaos and let nature balance out once again.

As your thoughts keep mulling over the day, you smell the damp, wet, strong scent of moss and earth and trees. Of life and death, growth and decay. It gets stronger and stronger. And as you keep inhaling the fragrance you feel your body become light, weightless. You feel yourself sleeping, and yet you also see around you a thick, luscious forest. Moss covers the ground and the sunlight barely reaches the roots of massive trees surrounding you. Two eyes, like black pools of ink, stare at you. A mist creeps into the forest, around the roots and the branches until it seems to gather around the eyes, beginning to pulsate. Swhoosh, Swhoosh.

The eyes stare directly at you, and you feel your own eyes connect with them. You know that you have not blinked, but somehow it doesn't bother you. You notice that the eyes are really a deep green. As you stare back, unwilling and unable to look away, you see the eyes change. From dark green to yellow with a slit pupil. The a deep brown tapered upwards, gray circles without any pupil at all. Quicker and quicker the eyes change. Puff, Puff, Puff. But they all stare directly at you. And you feel, they are looking into you not just at the surface. Finally the changing stops and there in front of you are two white eyes glowing with a light green energy. The fog and mist snaps into places and you see it melt off, revealing a large creature. Similar to a wolf but covered in vines and leafs instead of fur. You can see some of the mist still swirling around the wolf's body moved by some breeze you cannot feel. "come little one" a growl-like voice seems to come from every direction. The wolf turns and begins to walk through the forest. Following a path up and around the trees and ferns without disturbing a single leaf or making any sound. You are pulled along behind and you watch as the scenery around you flickers from deciduous forest to mangroves, from high-altitude grooves to underwater kelp forests. You stop in a dimly lit grove. The ground is full of moss and ferns, small wildflowers peaking out here and there. You cannot see the edge of the groove as mist seems to extend forever in all directions. "Watch" slowly the face of the wolf starts to change. First and owl, then a bear, then a giant ant and a proud elk only the eyes stay constant and fixated on you. You see more and more faces and creatures, some you recognize and some you have never seen before, but they all feel like the faces of friends and give you a sense of peace. The faces stop and you find your own face staring back. The creature steps forward until you noses touch. "Practice". "Grow" You see a red glittering flower grow and bloom where your noses meet then blackness envelops you. Your nose twitches as the smells of morning wafts around you; pleasant yet paling in comparison to the smell of the forest and wolf from last night. You taste bitterness then sweetness  as you feel something inside your mouth. Reaching up you pull out the red flower from your dream and it seems to glow in the morning light.
