---
title: Gustavo Spirit Meeting with Umrik 1 (dreams)
---

Gustavo, as you lay down to fall asleep your mind touches on the events of the day. You remember the horror of the monster insects. How terrible and unnatural they felt compared to the wolf pack earlier that day. And you start to think about your magic. Today, you were able to bring down a swarm of monster beetles. To burn them away when even [Mary](../characters/mary-tanner.md) was unable to truly repel them. On the farm family was everything. You worked for your family, protected them, took care of the animals and crops that would feed the family through the comeing winter and on to next year. You were part of a greater cadre all working to better themselves. 

But ever since the day you discovered your gift, something changed. Yes, the family was important. And yes, the animals needed tending and the crops that fed our bodies must be respected and taken care of. But suddenly, your family, the farm, the village and your neighbors weren't the only things on your mind. You remembered the stories of hero's. Of men and women, fighter and mage protecting those who needed help. Those with strength, with valor and honor serving all of the races of the dawn. In the stories these beings are  not simply content to help those around them. They venture into the world looking to help those that need it. Stopping violence and horror before it even began. Rooting out the unjust, the deceitful, and the unhinged. Today your fire burned bright as it prowled across [Mary's](../characters/mary-tanner.md) shield, laying waste the monsters that would no doubt have killed Sam and terrorized the town of [Fir](../places/fir.md). Your village, [Fir](../places/fir.md), Sam, you family. Your mind gestates on these thoughts as you feel yourself exhale and relax into a deep sleep ...

But something seems a bit odd. The breath never comes as you feel the air leaving your lungs, exhaling. It doesn't stop. Your lungs keep compressing and yet you don't feel out of breath. In fact you feel a little warm and a bit groggy as if you were waking up rather than falling asleep. The air rushing out of you turns into a faint and gentle breeze that brings the smell of berries with it. 

"Well hello there" As you hear the mildly accented voice, the breeze twirls a moment around nose and ears, now bringing with it he cheerful chatter of songbirds and the smell of fresh dew on fertile earth. You begin to reply, but find that your breath is still flowing out of you, constant and you can't really say anything. "Ahhhh... raspberries and plumbs .. want a pleasant breeze." You feel the air around you expand then retract as the voice continues. 

"How rude of me" you hear the flicking of a single finger and you can now see around you. You are inside what looks like a small one-room hut. The window is open and you can see light filtered by a pristine forest. On the window sill you see a plate full of seeds and several birds are eating their fill. The composers of the birdsong you suspect, and a happy one given the food in front of them. You also see a gnome in front of you. It's hard to tell his age, but he looks to be in the middle of his life. He looks relaxed, his hair tied back and a cup of tea in his right hand. His dress is ... common. Sturdy boots and clothing made for traveled; well used and well kept. His eyes, however, glimmer with barely contained mirth and bright curiosity. 

"I apologize for helping you see, but I thought it rude if I were the only one with eyes around." He drinks a sip of tea and chuckles to some internal joke or pun that you don't understand. "Of course, I beg your forgiveness but I am the only one able to speak at the moment. Letting someone see is simply the polite thing to do." He sits down on the floor, crossing his legs and putting the tea cup beside him, bringing his face more in level with yours. You realize you yourself are seated on the floor, and the gnome in from of you is quite a bit shorter than they first appeared from your initial angle. "Of course ... to put words in someone else's mouth ... that is a dangerous gambit ... not only rude but liable to make you believe your own lies. Only zealots deal that way ... and you and I are no zealots ..." 

He leans forward, close enough that you can see a few strands of his hair wave are your breath still flows out of you. "Not zealots no .... but you .... you are young ... you have spirits yes ... and potential .... although we both know you haven't always been the kindest." He sits back again and drinks a bit of tea, then seems to come to some form of decision. 

"Right then" He takes a bit of twine from his pocket and ties a neat bow around the handle of his tea cup then passes his hands over the cup murmuring quietly. Then he pulls one end of the knot. Slowly he pulls more and more of the knot, more and more twine untangling from what you were sure moments before was small length of string. A few seconds after he began pulling he slows down and starts peering at the twine as he pulls it. You can see a faint shimmer reflected both around the twine and deep inside his eyes as he studies the string, every once in a while muttering or squinting, until finally he tugs one last time and the knot releases from the tea cup. In his hands is the same twine you saw his put around the handle, and you blink as you try to make sense of the string in his hands and the yards of twine he pulled from the knot in front of your eyes. 

"You are not ready ... or rather. I am not ready to trust you. But you need a master, a teacher ... someone who can handle your ... flexible ... character" He flicks up his wrist, grabs a book out of thin appear, and starts combing through the pages. "Yes yes ... here they are ... Not far from you at all how wonderful." Closing the book and once again flicking hist wrist to make it disappear, he stands up. "Go to Beggarsbottom. Meet with Garth Ven. He's an old acquaintance of mine. He is willing to teach you, I am sure ... but the question is, are you willing to learn and grow .... will you become the towering oak tree that stands strong against the blight ...  or the creeping ivy that ensnares it from within .... I for one am a fan of acorns" 

As you hear a faint flick your sight dims until you only see the last twinkle of laughter in the gnomes eyes. You feel your breath finally end and as you breath in you draw in the smells of the morning air along with a faint hint of berries. You wake up, rested in body but your mind whirling with the all-to-real dream. Standing up you hear a small crack and feel something give underneath your feet. You see a broken tea cup, exactly like the one the gnome was using in your dream. As you stoop closer you realize this is not the first time you have seen this design. It is the same design, the same style and size, as the teacup the traveling merchant had offered to sell to you just tow days ago.
