# previously

- players triangulated source of buzz to be in Gulf of Mexico in the Perdido Basin. Learned that about 1% of people could hear the buzz

- Players helped beached whales.

- Players connected frozen miners to oil rigs from Pemex rigs.

- Players saw that black liquid cloud that killed Estate agent was moving towards Perdido area.

- Black liquid moving spirit rat also moving towards Perdido area

- Players saw caped group and "gang" near port and decided to sneak away (successfully for robed group, not for gang -- this is Guillermo )

- Players noticed that towns were *much* less populated than they should have been

- players found, captured, and dissected a "black spider" while going from port back to merida avoiding towns.

- black spider was heading towards power/comm tower in northwest of merida.

- players asked for The Estate assistance (via Abi/Melhorn), got Jean and Sarah

- Jean and players learned black spider was Ruk technology

- Players met up with Mark Chan looking for more spiders. 

- Mark Chan has access to *all* The Estate files (how??)

- He told tham about Predation, The Tribe, and SATI as well as why he was looking for the Ruk

- Mark Chan joined party

- Players decided to contact Federation and ask for help since Alejandro was probably last of his kind and also a federation citizen.

- while heading to The Estate, party was ambushed by caped group, but Gullermo's men struck (non-lethal) and the players fled the ambush. At the time players had no idea about Guillermo.

- Two helpers sent by The Estate accosted regrouping robed party and completely intimmidated them out of the region (out of Yucatan itself!)

- Players did not mention Olivia :)

- After confusing Federation comms officer (where is "Earth"?) they got in contact with Janus Fitch (federation commander for defense of the frontier)

- Players contacted Federation and asked for help because of Alejandro being the last of his species. Federation said yes with a 1-2 day logistical timescale to even figure out how to get to Earth (frontier).

- Federation scientists (no name) seemed extremely interested in exploding planets, black liquid, and recursions

- players did *not* meet with Federation sicneitst to discuss information other than a summary of what happened to Alejandro

- Guillermo Santos and another act as player's bodyguards

- Also The Estate asked for and received help from two "Gods of Destruction" (Dragon Ball Super) to act as help and guards.


# Things/Events

- Players starting hunting for "black spiders" (Ruk drones) towards east/south-east of Merida

- Players found "grid" of cenotes (sinkholes) south-east of Merida

- Players investigated sinkholes and found a cavern underneath each

- The sinkholws are 36 in a 6x6 grid and from inside could be seen to not be natural, athough caverns lookes natural.

- In each carvern was a single perfect sphere hemisphere indentation, as if corroded with acid, on the floor along with a marble-sized object

- Marbles are Ruk technology though simple. Found this by squishing one of them (before buzz)

- Players camped out near cenote

- This is a arid area of Yucatan

- Near dawn, another Buzz happened and players notices marbles reacting to it

- Players found that marbles are a kind of buzz repeater that bounced the buzz directly into the ground as in ground-penetrating radar. Found this by splitting one.

- Players are carrying all 36 marbles. 1 Squished, 1 split, and 34 pristine. Taken after buzz.


- current party
  - Alejandro (npc, Volvadross Avatar from Innsmouth recursion)
  - Olivia (npc, Time displaced, Warrant, Destroyer of Division of Magic and perhaps Og)
  - Ghost Owl
  - Volkner (Rat Avatar, Cursed By Spirits)
  - Guillermo (npc, Follows Vorvadross against Deep Ones)
  - Guillermo Lackey (npc, Follows Guillermo)
  - Abi (npc, The Estate, Ardwyn Recursion, Owl Avatar)
  - Melhorn (npc, The Estate, Ardwyn Recursion)
  - Jean (npc, Ruk authority, The Estate)
  - Avi/Vi (npc, Spirit World Shaman, Guide)
  - Mark Chan and Vin (npc, Predation, The Tribe, Rookie Agent, micro-raptor companion, following Ruk)


# Notes

- Merida lat/long: 20.97537, -89.61696

- Perdido Field (Shell platform): 29.10499958 -87.93832958

- Approx distance: 919 km

- Earth radius (sphere approx): 6,378.1370 km ~ 6378km

- law of cosines: c^2 = a^2 + b^2 - 2ab * CosC
