
# Expected

- Federation Arrives 

# Events

- Got shot at by Sucras,

- all nonlethal.

- took out wheel of jeep and engine via hood shot (steam/smoke comming out)

- managed to hit Vi's leg with a quarter-sied metal disk which disabled here leg muscles. Taken out and it went silent.

- Used Abi "sand wall" to move to rocks


- Sucras sent 3 drones once sand wall appeared

- Abi sent two owl to check in direction of firing, saw the three drones.

- Owl's caught one drone each and brought them back

- Third drone turned around, unknown where it went

- Drones where smashed opne and found to be Federation technology

- Grup thinks Olivia tracked (and still tracked) by her Personal Information Device (PID)

- The PID is not just a comms devices, but her identification as a Federation citizen, health record, and important information dealing with import/export and border crossings. Also records her job and her magic status

- Group ran to edge of suburbs with the sand wall (stresse=2 after that)

- Stopped at B&B for 2 hours

- Sucras stopped by B&B half hour after them, took the "couch". Was followed by rat until he figured out rat wall following him! Took notice of vin.

- Called estate to bring two vans to fetch them

van groups:

- Ghost Owl, Volkner, Mark (vin), Guillermo

- Olivia, Alejandro, Abi, Melhorn, Vi, 

- Vans started, Volkner's in front

- Van can't be seen (Olivia's) (was taken over by Sucras)

- Sucras gassed van, took over and drove to alleay in city

- He took Olivia's PID and left everyone else in the van to wake up.

- Sucras does *NOT* believe that Olivia is actually Olivia because of age discrepency (the Missing 50 years!) so he was just after the PID.

- Once with the PID, he cannot figure out where Olivia took it from the real olivia, so he will be after her to ask where she got it. He sees the history in the PID but it makes no sense!


