
# Expected

- Sucras Fre takes Olivia from agents (The Estate and Og)

- Olivia is a *CLONE* hence the missing 50 hears and hence she is so young. Sucras Fre determines this as he struggles to rectify PID data and Olivia herself.

- Og and Federation realize Olivia is a clone. She is not at fault for her source's mistakes. Also, she is not actually a Federation citizen.

- Party finds Ruk hideout

- Og, Federation, The Estate, and The Tribe (mark chan)  question Imi (ruk). Imi tells them about the rip in space-time (caused by olivia's trip -- unsude if original of clone) and how Ruk are investigating the meteor. Imi wnats to stop K-T event, so mamals don't become dominant (so nomore humans :) ).

- The Estate contacts Ruk and realzes Imi is a rouge (very rare)

- Ghost Owl, Volkner, Abi and Vi try to contact young planetvore using spirit world/poers.

- Young planetvore recounts the events of Ruk incursion, planetvore defense, hurt parent and resulting crash and wound.

- Young planetvore also recoutns the reason for being: time magic stabilization and generation.

# Events

- party goes into meeting between srah and janus fitch

- Mark Chen sent as mediator/moderator between Og, Federation, The Estate

- Mark chan explains reasoning, the estate explains mandate, 

- Janus and Gla shift to having their uppers handle olivia's case

- Gla and Janus are all looking to find olivia "first"

- samples are same as froen miners

- black liquid is a thin layer

- under layer is something biological

- "maybe part of ruk planet in meteor" (hahahaha :) )

- closest bio to earth is a prehistoric whale

- not fozzilized, seems to be still alive

- dated to around K-T event

- "climate change" may be triggering something

- telepathy could cause fainting

- fainting precursed by "felt something in pain"

- gather all "magic folk" (harr, marhsall, abi, melhorn, vi, ghost owl, volkner)

- group tyries to telepathic contact, intercept

- get a "dream view" of events of young planetvore

- built story of planetvore
  - group in conflict
  - all others died 
  - starvation/hunger/hurt
  - childbirth, parent died
  - pain/hunger
  - blanket, warmth, healing, rest

- two types of blakc liquid, parent and child

- "whatif sucras fre is the child using our tech to talk to us instead of psychic" or "making fre transate psychic speech for us through him"

- olivia is a clone, created 3 yers ago

- olivia did not know she was a clone

- olivia has the PID

- "corrupted" PID location and sound data ? (federation feels thsse are unhackable, uncorrupted)

- tell olivia about analyziz today, ask about this
