# Expected Events

- Guillermo et al get to rig, find it normal, buton further inspection they see black spiders (many) that seem to go under the ocean and back.

- Guillermo finds and catches black spider (Ruk) and goes back tp estate to debrief

- Black spider has Federation tech "inside" it.  Looks like Ruk technology is integrating with Federation tech (which is *much* more advanced)

- Janus Fitch orders search of all ships, finds many spiders and missing components.

- Harr finishes drill

- Sarah Donati lets emotions guide her as she puts effort into finding the Ruk(s). Will ask for help from Og ambassador in return for Olivia.  Sarah does not think Olivia is *the* olivia, but knows that olivia reacted to warrant so must know something.

- Sarah puts Estate into high alert and diverts all resources to finding Ruk (it *is* their job)

- Abi consults spirits world / mediatates and decides to lead the investigation of the rig. Melhorn follows.

- Sucras Fre "captures/saves" olivia so that she does not fall into Og hands.

# Events

- Harr, Volkner, Ghost Owl, Janus Fitch take samples of liquid from several areas. South-East of Merida. Trinagle around merida, 3 samples.

- Guillarmo comes back.

- Guillermo pulls out black spider

- Sucra Fre follows guillermo, finds spider following, takes ot

- Sucras Fre notices 3-4 spiders on federation ships

- Analyze spider using federation tech

- spider communicating to and from

- shells act as giat sensor membrane for all signals (EM, light)

- spiders near high-tech parts of federation ships

- Gla does not know about spider

- Sarah Donati makes all-call to find the Ruk

- Sarah asks for Olivia, to get Og's help from Volkner

- Tell sarah where olivia is, not tell olivia about this, bring her to the Og

- Sarah sends out agents for olivia, But she does tell them to "take it easy" so that olivia can "escape" and still helps the Og. She does not tell party about this

- Tells Gla about Sucras Fre

- Get three samples

- High precision reconstruction to look like whale

- Janus Fitch angry ad Sarah for giving "federation citizen" to Og


