
# Events

- Abi and Melhorn are following ships in marsh that look suspicious while looking for alligator predator and new drug.

- Smugglers *do* have new drugs since they have some of the plants. However, the plants are volatile nad will shoot out spores in dealt damage.

- Abi and Melhon confront smugglers and cause plants to "explode" their spores. The spores are sticky and will burst after some time causing the drug effect.

- Olivia's helicopter is hit by one of the spores (she sees it explode near her) causing her to crash and faint

- Abi and Melhorn take Olivia in since they feel bad that they caused the spores to begin with.

- Alejandro and Ghost Owl also get caught with spores and faint. Abi takes them all in

- Volkner wakes up in a cell at The Estate. Ghost-Owl and Alejandro wake up in a room at The Estate with technology to disguise them as normal humans. Olivia waked up in a cell that stops her magic (or most, it was not meant to deal with local time magic the way she can now use it :) )

- Alejandro is glimpsed by an Estate officer that is actually a Cultist. We screams "You are weakened Vorvadoss. You Cannot Stop The Deep Ones." The person lunges at Alejandro with a curved blade but is stopped by other Estate Agents.

- Avi Sanchez shows up at Estate doorsteps asking to talk to the Owl. She is ignored. She then decides to graffiti the Great Spirit Mark all over the Estate, finally causing her to be brought in. There, she tkes out some leafs and burns them (cigar style) causing a thin haze of smoke. This brings forth a dreamlike state nearby and she appears in a waking dream to Owl and Volkner.

- To Owl: Avi talks about hte avatar and shows him the vision of the beached whales.

- To Volkner: tells him about the curse of threes. Tells him both the spirit and physical world need his intelligence as the rat avatar. It is a calling and a responsibility.

- Olivia's communicator starts working (Estate has tower) and she sees:
  - Her warrant
  - The missing time
  
- Abi punches Volkner and is furious. She blames him for May's death.

- Sarah Donati talks to Olivia as a wanted criminal.

- Owl realizes Abi is avatar

- Estate Librarian recognized blade from cultist, puts hte pieces together and tells/explains everything to Alejandro

