---
title: 2021-08-12 Session Notes
---

pact:

- _Feymoor_ **EDIT: Lindemoor** house
- defend
- guardians 
- vassals
- high autonomy
- only attach to your four spriri, not descendants
- help and safety to you
- offer sanctuary and help
- no time limit


- Did Sam give consent?
  - when asked about dreams:
	- whince (unknown to her) then no dreams before
	- Insight: she's been telling what she knows all the time
	- GM Note: wince is result of a memory tweaking spell activating/effecting
	
- rosaline:
  - to better garth's barrier: tie to different planes and make barriers there
  - theory is that there may be a "distortion" across planes and "leaks"
  - this would be a "dam" or band-aid
  - theory from 50 **EDIT: 500** years ago, unproven
	- DM Note: theory published by Brad Wilson (Old Man Willy)
  
Rosaline: looks at Mary's scar/symbol
  - scar underneath
  - black smoke comming from scar
  - Rosaline just looking at danrkening and darkening smoking globe
  - does not reply
  - touched: fear makes unable to move then is gone
  - Garth does not reply
  - Garth not shaking but wound wet as is reopened
  - GM Note: when Rosaline casts her analyze spell on the scar, she unknowingly lets some of the power of it escape into the room. She is taken over by the malice and power of The Outsider since the scar contains some of it's power (gifted to the demon that hurt Mary). This power shocks Rosaline and Garth into a trance of Fear. The Fey Pact protects the others from the power (just barely). It is an attack/power of the spirit that resides and comes from a different plane (as most of The Outsider power does). Mary, having the scar on her spirit, but also having the protection of The Frozen One (the symbol). This causes Mary to be able to see once again the golden arm (which represents some of the protection of the Frozen One in another plane).
  
Sam starts shaking because she feels the fear (The Outsider power) stronger since she is her spirit itself.
  
Rosaline was pushed away. Dixie returns (spell finishes). dixie is terrified with her skin being pulled down/off. Rosaline on the soft pillow on floor, still not moving
  - DM Note: While the power is no longer leaking, Rosaline is still trapped by the other-planar attack. Only touching by Mary (an really her Frozen One protection) can bring back Rosaline and Garth

Mary is "talking" but not being heard. Rosaline's spell also pulled some of The Frozen One's protection/power/symbol and Mary can once again see her golden arm and can even use it to move things in the room. However, others cannot see it. This is only because Rosaline's analyzis spell pulled out both powers (The Outsider and The Frozen One) in order to analyze them.

She was pushed and asked "What just happened"

"Chill about this too"

Mary has golden arm, others cannot see
  - DM Note: only because of The Outsider power leaking and her protection enabling her to see her protection as in the other plane.

Rosaline is not shaking as much, Garth looks pale
  - DM Note: Rosaline is almost dead after not taking a breath. Garth is close to death since he has also not taken a breath.

Mary tries to wake Garth up by shaking/touching him
  - Gustavo sees dim hand, then symbol, then Garth takes deep breath and falls.
  
Dixie showing terror, has not changed exression hte whole time

DM Note: The "globe of light" is the analyze spell that Rosaline cast to study Mary's scar. It is a high level ritual spell including chant and magic circle components. Since rosaline's powers lie in the light and illumination, the sphere represents her spell. The black smoke that starts to fill it is The Outsider and its power that is left on the scar. The power is slowly engulfing Rosaline's spell until all the spell can "analyze" is just the deep darkness of The Outsider. Not all of it is/was contained and this caused the attack on the spirits of the party. The Fey blood-pact protected the party, but Rosaline and Garth were hit and their spirit was hurt and blasted with pure terror. Their spirit is not sundered, but the connection between spirit and body has been severely damaged to the point where the body has become immobile. The spirit is grippe by terror and fear and is currently unable to reason/move.

