---
title: 2021-04-14 Session Notes
---


# Forward-Looking Scene Projection

- [Owlex Nature Spirit Meeting 1](../scenes/nature-spirit-meeting-owlex-1.md)
- [Umrik Spirit Meeting Gustavo 1](../scenes/umrik-spirit-meeting-gustavo-1.md)
- [Discover Goblin group near Fir](../scenes/herb-collecting-around-fir.md)
- [The blood-pact with Ftata](../scenes/herb-collecting-around-fir.md)
- [Pass By Juneston](../scenes/pass-by-juneston-to-beggarsbottom.md)
  - possible side quests:
	- Boars
	- Clams
 	- Deliveries
	- Hunting
- [Travel Juneston->Beggarsbottom](../scenes/travel-from-june-to-beggarsbottom-1.md)
- [Harpy Encounter between Juneston and Beggarsbottom](../scenes/encounters/juneston-to-beggarsbottom-harpy.md)
- [Get to Beggarsbottom](../scenes/get-to-beggarsbottom.md)
- [Discover Closed Adventurers Guild](../places/adventurers-guild.md)
- Lots of Options, wait for players to decide
  - Juneston Jobs
  - Other Guild
  - Garth as mentor
  - Look around Beggarsbottom
  - Follow/Interact Frieda
  - Follow/Interact Violet
  - Follow/Interact Jenavive
  - Witness Marix Forming "adventurer group" with other youth
  - Continue on to Reed
  - Investigate Goblins
  - Investigate Harpy
  - Investigate Bandit troubles (if overhear from Marix)
  - Look for mentor/teacher for Gustavo
  - Investigate Fey blood-pact
  - Investigate Fir surrounding forest and starving wolves
  - Head off in random direction (has happened before)
  - Run back home
  - Look for odd-end jobs to do in Beggarsbottom


# Session Notes

- made camp
  - watch rounds:
	- Gustavo
	- Sam
	- Owlex
	- Mary
	
- During Gustavo watch, he managed to see the flicker lights of a fire (really high perception). It is a dark night with the moon clouded over.

- He woke up Sam and together they went closer to investigate

- Sam understand rudimentary goblin (Why? It's in her backstory of travels).

- Left gustavo somewhat far from lights and went and scouted from the trees

- Saw 6 goblins + bugbear (unrecognized as such)

- Sam and Gustavo went back and woke up Mary and Owlex

- Gustavo wanted to rush and ambush, Mary persuaded the group to first figure out what they were dealing with

- Sam went and scouted again to look for weapons and what was in the wagons
  - saw building materials in wagon
  - bugbear has longbow and axe
  - 2 goblins have shortbows
  - all goblins have scimitars

- Sam heads back to town to get help. Gustavo makes paper dog to lead her back to them party using scent.

- Owlex, Mary, and Gustavo staying / tracking with it.

- they did not see the bugbear use the [stone of dusting](../items/stone-of-dusting.md)

- Got heard (Mary had horrible stealth and Gustavo had bad stealth :)) and Owlex got shot (deeply) with an arrow from the bugbear. The arrow embedded itself into her upper arm bone!

- She *did* make a diversion (druicraft sight/sound of animal scurrying through brush) and they started running away fast enough that it is unclear how much the goblins saw and whether they even saw anyone other than owlex (they did not).

- The arrow is poisoned mildly and the bugbear will assume that a single hunter happened upon them, was shot, and will simply die in the woods.

- Owlex managed to do emergency tourniquet/bandaging enough to stop bleeding

- Ran away with Mary carrying Owlex

- Gustavo stops dog and makes paper Elk to ride on.

- Between Mary+Owlex and Elk+Gustavo, they manage to run  away *and* not hit things in the dark that would hurt them.

- They saw Bugbear but *did not* recognize it as a bugbear. Did hear it speak goblin so assumed some kind of goblinoid.

- while on Mary, Owlex notices she's leaning to the left a bit and also feels that Mary is shaking while running. (Owlex rolled a total of 3 in perception and she was extremely hurt and in shock and they were running away from dangerous goblins through a dark forest, so she did *not* notice the illusion)

- Mary takes a *second* potion, [Potion of Cheeta's Folly](../items/potion-of-cheetas-folly.md) and drinks it.

- Next Session
  - Roll to see how lost they are.
  - Roll to see how/if Sam finds them
  


