---
title: 2021-10-27 Session Notes
---

# Expected

- <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.dndbeyond.com/encounters/b2ceaf23-d6fd-49dd-8243-5af5b0385a32">Snuff Hounds: Bailor+ Encounter</a>
- Talking / persuading Bailor to come with: which she can't (which may include some back story)
- Starting out to find Samantha's body
- <a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" href="https://www.dndbeyond.com/encounters/81b8952d-46b9-4e46-8fcb-d7938b8ccd94">Ambush Drake Encounter (3)</a>
- [Meet with Riley](../scenes/first-meetings/meet-riley.md)
- [Meet with Jeena (senses book)](../scenes/first-meetings/meet-jeena.md)
- [Meet with Frieda (accuses party of hunting her)](../scenes/frieda-accuses-party-of-hunting-her.md)


# From Before

- bailor examines/talks  about book
  - the sister's have encountered "Erutrea's Projection" before. They have the legends of Jon-Yo at least
  - They have references to sentient books before, but nothing concrete
- bailor examines/questions the symbols and going to shadow place and bringing back a shadow on gustavo.
  - The sisters will know about shadow realm and will determine what the shadow really is.
	- it is a shadow parasite that slowly swells into the hosts shadow by eating their original shadow
	- The host's shadow is *consumed* into this parasite and when it splits all parts have part of the hosts shadow. In a sense the host's shadow becomes part of the shadow creature.
	- once it has finished, the parasite will split into larvae that will attach themselves to other shadows. These larvae have pieces of the hosts shadow in them. In fact, the shadow creature has pieces of all of it's ancestor's consumed shadows.
	- the host then has no shadow
		- this confers immunity to radiant damage
		- vulnerability to psychic damage
		- disadvantage ob death saving throws
		- increased speed of 5ft (all movement types)
		- disadvantage on con saving throws
		- advantage on dex saving throws
		- shadows seem to reject target, disadvantage on stealth throes hen in dim or darker situations and using sight
		- short rest time doubled

# Session

Goggles:
- 2 Squirrells
- 2 Wild Boar
- 1 small wolf

- trapped small wolf with food and water
- met snuff hounds
- started forest fire to drive them away
- wnt to town
- met iwth the pair of planes wardens
- told wardens of forest fire and darkness
- sold ethereal rat to wardens
- told wrdnes about rosaline's house as location of rats
- warden will buy any other ethereal rats he finds
- wardens get ready to burst into rosalines house

Bailor et al
- snuff hounds pushed to them by fire
- also a shadow elemental
- snuff hounds just want to play and have fun
- shadow elemental engulfed bailor and is attacking the party
- owlex connected with a snuff hound
- persuaded a single hound to "play" with elemental
- the elemental got angry aat the hound which made it fun for the hound
- the other hounds wanted in on the fun so all of them sorrounded elemental and are hopping around annoying it.
- elemental can't move from spot since it is crushing/engulfing bailor at the moment

- garth is using his magic to keep generating light which is eaten by hte hounds so that party can see
- samantha hid away from hounds and party when she could see the encounter

