---
title: 2021-08-31 Session Notes
---

# On Deck

- Signs of Ethereal/Planar Rifts
  - Ether Rats
  - Snuff Hounds
  - Blight Motes
  - Briarscoffs
  
- Kair


# Expected

- receive meat (cow from farmers at Other Guild)
- start looking for Sam's body
- Encounter With Gruzu
- encounter drakes in forest


# Session

- Dewey decimal system for the Fey
- have some journals of the Fey/Feywild

- fey books (compiled) 5 volumes
  - magically tough books meant to be modified
  
- investigate books:
  - general The Fey
  - how to contact fey
  - more info on the fey blood-pact / contracts

- Investigation: Lindemoor
  - Low Summer Court
  
- Why Fey make contract with non Fey
- why guard "a tree"

- portals previously existed in forest near tree

- ritual for formal request 
  - necromatic one (bad)
  - ritual
	- 24 hours
	- magician
	- give up something "important" to yourself. Something that you like
		- the feeling of fun when hearing a canary sing
		- your love of cake
		
goals:
- get Sam back
- what went through the protection dome
- rosaline and the scar
- betrayal of Adventurers
- what happened to Garth / Bailor Adventurer group
- old man willy and mushrooms
- teacups (Peddler, Umrik, Bailor)

Bailor
- born 80 ago in nirthern Kryta

Persuasion
- Bailor = No
- Garth = No, not trust you yet

Initmiidation
- Non, non, no!

Tea set
- same as before
- same set


---------------------

- Rosaline still coma

- Met Green

- Green started cleaning up Rosaline workroom

- Found symbols/pattern all over this room once cleaned.

- Patterns where made of smaller symbol representing the celestials (all of them)

- Green pulled out a symbol (hard to do, Nat 20)

- The "symbol" came out as a cone with bards on it where the symbol was just the top face of the cone.

- Unclear how/where the cone was: the floor was unbroken after pulling it out

- Gustavo pulled out more, randomly. Easier to pull out as he went on

  - House started shaking
  - Smell of berries (until last one)
  - transported to Shadow Realm (a plane) at second-to-last pull
  - last symbol came out easily and seemed to do nothing 
  - only the house was the same, outside of windows showed the plane
  
- Put back the symbols in reverse order where they thought they went.
  - 12-16 rolls for the precision/performance/dexterity 
  
- at last symbol house was re-transported to the material plane (they think?)
  - as far as they can tell
  - seems like time was normal too
  
- An exact replica of Gustavo, 3 inches high, appeared above his right shoulder
  - it follow him as he moves
  - does not move 
  - cannot be touched
  - firebolt went right through it (and partially burned 3 books )
  - will not respond to talking, visuals, etc.
  - Garth says it is same spell as Rosaline's father had put to show her emotions
  - Gaarth says the spell takes about a day to "sync" with the emotions
  - Neither Gaarth nor Rosaline have been able to remove, or even fully understand, the spell
    - They have been trying for years since Rosaline does not want it
  
- When Gustavo walked out of the house, the replica over his should disappeared (like for Rosaline), BUT it's shadow still remained above Gustavo's shadow's right shoulder.

- Garth will attampt to use a spell to project himself into the dreams of Rosaline and wake her up or at least converse with her.

  - Since we do not know if Rosaline is actually asleep, Garth will take a medicine that will keep him asleep for 12 hours while casting the ritual. In this way he will most likely catch Rosaline sleeping.
