---
title: 2021-09-22 Session Notes
---

# Expected

- Chase inside rosaline's head

- Battle with shadow/outsider rhinoman

# Session



- rhino man charges and crashes through wall\
- edges of rhno are being "eaten" by this plane

- These included the places where the ink has coveed

- sam's body is taken back by ernstyn and a poressence is pyt into it

- Sam heads a pack of gobins to take over and burn Fir

- starting village disappears. Was not actually from this plane of existance. Gustavo was born in this plane (father's half is from here). Owlex family is from this plane. But they have all disappeared (back to the original plane.

The village is a changeling refugee viallge from a different plane. Their home was destroyed and they found a portal to this plane, where they set roots. Gustavo and owlex were born in this plane and do not have the ability to shape shift, or have any other changeling features since they arise because of their other-planar origin. The plane the changelings come from is abundant in nature and spirits.

Junto Rall is a part of the village tasked with interfacing to the outside collecting information about their plane and this one. Met as the traveling merchant (shapechanged).

- rosaline can cast ritual spell as a single action since inside her head :)

- she can also cast "mirror image"




------------

- Rhino was beaten by spirits (eating away at it)
  - Isra got a good look at them and told the others about it
  
- Rhino said:
  - sniffing around, "destiny" as if searching for it
  - "Leftovers" when it saw Samantha
  
Spirits then went through feymark to dreamscape and ate the black thing
  - Using gustavo's arms as gate (eventually)
  - Gustavo took credit since other were far away and could not see spirits just blinding light eating the creature coming for Gustavo's hands
  
- Gustavo tried talking to the black thing
  - ignored all questions except: what is your name
  - It "replied" and knocked out rosaline and mary
    - gustavo took damage
	- garth took damage

- Gustavo's feymark pulsed when the spirits starting eating the rhino on other side. Got hot and sizzled. As the rhino was finished, the feymark pulsed as spirits opened it to get to dreamscape.
  - right after opening, the name was uttered so it took a while to have the spirits cross over.
  - the pusle was right after the "are you angry" question from Gustavo, so players think it was a response to the question and not a coincidence
  
- looking for her destiny (rosaline)


