
---
title: 2021-12-27 Session Notes
---

# Expected

- Owlex and Frieda stumble onto Sam gathering herbs for Jenavive
  - Frieda will sense a spirit pressece, owlex will hear rustling
  
- Planes wardens come to the Sisters of the Sole tracking Gustavo and his "shadow" on his shoulder.

- Mary will have found the rift and start fighting with the shadows that are trying to get through. 
  - She will have, at the end, used her own body to try to "plug up" the rift.
  - Her symbol will be glowing but she is uncounscious wrapping her arms around the rift
  - She will be cut up all over and extremely hurt physically.
  - Her spirit is being hltered by her symbol
  - Her mind may be a bit shaken after seeing the shaodw plane for a long time (days = 2)

# session

- Gustavo
  - Theory of the Spirits Planes
    - 20 pages in, the book is blank
  - The Spirit and I
	- good grasp of fundamentals of spirit plane
	- Elven childrens book

- harold and Dreeda knock gustavo uncounscious
  - garth is tied up
  
- Gustavo wakes up in drained swamp
  - Dreeda, Harld and Garth are walking/talking together
  - gustavo is tied and floating rather than dragged
  

# New Things

- The "shadow" on Gustavo's shoulder is actually a fey spirit sent to help them from the Lindemoor family (as per hte fey bloodpact). Called a "Londemoor Shadow Spirit" in dndbeyond.
- The shadow can take hte following actions
  - Shadow Arrow, 1 Action, ranged to hit +10 1d4 + 2*level psychic damage. Gustavo must make a constitution saving roll, DC 10 + level or take 1.5*level - CON modifier psychic damage.
  - Shadow Absorb, 1 Action, must be touching a shadow of size equal to your size. Gain temporary hit points equal to 1d4 + level.
  - Shadow Surge, 1 reaction on being hit. Add level + CON mod + 1 to your AC potentially changing the hit to a miss. Each statistic drops by 1 point until the next short rest.
