---
title: Samantha Teastead Story
---

Samamtha Teastead was, and is, a powerful alchemist. Or rather, she could have been. However, her destiny has been devoured by a Woe Strider. Specifically by Ernstyn's companion and mount. She herself was a seed from the Fey, found by The Outsider and fed to the woe rider. With her destiny partially consumed, she is swept into situations but cannot fulfill them. She is a magnet for momentous events and at the same time unable to fulfill promises or expectations. She is somewaht doomed to fail, to stop trying, to lay down and become ignorant of those around her. However, her destiny is only partially consumed, hence she has some will and ability left. The Fey feel a familiarity towards her because of both the seed and her (future, possible, and no-longer) powerful connection to nature and it's remedies. Events follow her, yet are rarely acted upon by her. 

The consumption of her destiny affects her in several ways. Causality is sometimes broken, where a effect appears before the event the causes it. Especially if the event was meant to propel her in her destiny. She suffers, unknowingly, from memory blanks. Parts of scenes that would lead to her destiny are now re-written in her mind or deleted all-together. Mindless fear and dread overwhelm her from creatures and scenes which used to be pivotal to her destiny. However, she knows not why the emotions appear and hence is often described as "twitchy" or "high strung" because of the observed irregular outburst of emotions. Divination spells tend to fail when cast against creature's whose destiny has been devoured. All rolls are made with disadvantage and any effects are severely limited in scope, time, range, etc.

During her stay around Fir woods on the way back from failing to find adventurers at Beggarsbottom, Sam is accosted by Ernstyn. He has been following her progress since he knows she is special (because of her being a seed) though he does not fully understand the concept of a "seed". Knowing that her destiny was bright and important to The Outsider, Ernstyn keeps tabs to see what other people get drawn in by her destiny. The Fey bloodpact was a particular surprise. The Outsider used it to located the others and tried to bring them to him in order to consume their destiny too.

In order to consume a person's destiny, The Outsider must be in touch with the person and a certain ritual must be performed. The ritual takes some time, hence the way that The Outsider and Ernstyn operate is to transport the people directly onto The Outsider, disable them, then perform the ritual. This was done to Sam. However, because both the ritual is in-perfect and Ernstyn is not powerful enough, the entire destiny of a creature cannot be fully consumed. In this regard, another Celestial may be able to heal and nurture back a creature's destiny into a whole, though different than the original, destiny where the creature is back to living their normal life as prescribed. The effects of prolonged injury or consumption of a creature's destiny is unknown.

