
# Events

- Alejandro created magic disguise

- Olivia rescued working parts of ship nearby

- Volkner saw Alejandro, fainted, woke up and told rats to attack alejandro

- Olivia put volkner in bubble as he was going on ladder into silo

- Volkner started shouting and cursing olivia (and others too)

- Ghost owl ordered owls to grab rats starting to attack alejandro

- 3/4 rats fainted, other 1/4 are trying to climb owl legs

- Spirit rat is trying to calm rats down

- Mexico Navy boat arrived

- Mexico Navy boat saw owl, buddle with volkner, rats

- Alejandro notices Ghosst owl as strangly magical, they have a chat in which ghost owl tells alejandro that he will help him.

- Alejandro asked Ghost owl to carry him out of there (which he started)

- Navy boat used firehoses to cause heavy "rain" for owls to have trouble escaping

- Ghost owl froze water, but forgot about momentum causing a deadly ice fall

- Swampter sprayed water into ice fall turning it to snow and halting the deadly dangers

- rats are still empathic to volkner and feel the anger and fight instinct



# events  Unknown to players

- drug cartell starts investigating possible new player since all of them loose the town of Kinchi (alien plants)

- predation agent heals and starts tracking renegade ruk

- The Estate mexico division tracks falling starship and resulting crash but decide against investigating since space is not their mandate.

- Minutes after crash, The Estate sense the buzz from the renegade ruk's depth charges.

- Agents on the ground working on the frozen men are caught in the black liquid cloud that stabilizes during the depth charge (cloud "lets go" for a microsecond and therefore gets stuck to fixed space. Earth's rotation makes it appear to move and it shreds nearby objects including an agent ). The agent killed was a spirit walker (a shaman) and was being guided by the great spirits themselves.

- The Estate reconsiders crashed spaceship since the time between it and agent's death and buzz all coincide too well.

- The Estate dispatches Melhorn and Abi to investigate

- Science survey expedition begins

- Lead sicneitst Dr. William is contacted by Navy Ship captain about the strange people and events (since the survey is about finding a lost island which itself is weird).

- Dr. William and crew start heading towards silo island. They were already nearby

- the leader of the Cult of Saah feels the return of an elder god to Earth (alejandro) and contacts his followers on earth. Cult of Saah is base on the lovecraft incursion.

- The Estate monitors spike around a present Lovecraft incursion surge (the Cult plus Alejandro together spike signal) but spike is too short to get exact location and representation. They know it comes from somethere on the Yucatan area.

- Ruk renegade observes Olivia's crash and decides to send investigation drones since he knows this is not of earth

- predation agent witnesses crash and decides to investigate in person

- drugcartels witness crash and decide to observe while trying to find new player in the drug scene

- Shaman witnesses crash and feels the will of the spirit world: he is to sent to find Ghost Owl and provide him help as guide and defender.


