# Events

- Alejendro starts crashing through planets because of "bubble"
- Olivia's hacked augmentations start wearing thin
- Owls and rats start flooding yucatan
- Silo starts feeling time effects of black liquid
- renegade ruk sets of charge that stops black liquid (for now)
- The Estate agents as Ghost Owl to work with Volkner
- Spirit Rat embraces Volkner as his earthly avatar
- Ghost owl realizes Volkner is also his avatar, but cannot give him full control of owls since he is only half spirit.
- Volkner gains ability to speak rat (all earth types), see embidy one with difficulty and only for 30 seconds.
- Volkner gains ability to understand owls but cannot speak or emobdy them.
- Olivia sense only minimal time magic on earth (her first visit)
- Alien "drug" plants start showing up (because of renegade ruks carelessness when stepping from ruk to predation to earth).
- Rat's black particle "pops" out when renegade ruk charge happens
- Whale beaching because of charge
- Shaman appears in Merida and Beaches
- Micro-raptor spotted
- Two more Estate agents appear, are looking into raptor and strange plants cases (Melhron and Abi).
- Olivia is unable to contact Division of Magic because their base was smashed by Alejandro and bubble (although some probably survived since some had string time magic).
- Federation Council finds remnants of Division of Magic, can tell the bubble was her magic, and put out a warrant for Olivia's arrest.
- Federation agents start moving towards her projected destination: backwards planet called Earth. They think she is a fugitive trying to hide in the fringes of the universe.
- With the Division of Magic weakened, the Ruk recursion gains a hold, starting near Earth but not on it. This causes alarm to the Federation, who decide to send a full delegation to this "Earth". They beleice the Ruk recursion is in fact an armada from Earth.
- The Estate detects Ruk recusion in space, also comming Federation delegation, think this might be an all-out assault. Give priority to the renegade ruk (since estate believes all ruk works as one -- which they mostly do).
- Lovacraftian cults take notice of Alejandro as a deity and are with or against him :)

# Black Liquid and Time

time is definately acting strange around the blakc liquid. Olivia, Volkner, Ghost Owl and Alejandro can, and will, bounce back and forth in time. Volkner, after several bounces, can try to get an approximate projection of when and where a jump happens (difficulty 4, even for him).


# Hooks for Volkner

- Olivia crashes ship into his silo
- he sees old/future creatures out his window
- supplis are spoiled, parts of silo corroded from age
- he sees the fleet or rats approaching
- he sees the fleet of owls approching around (but looking a bit lost)

# Hooks for Olivia + Alejandro

- Bubble starts disappearing near earth, causes her to loose Alejandro, which makes her push her ship too far and crashes into earth (on silo)
- Shock of sudden loss of time magic near earth sends her crashing
- She catches up to alejandro and decides to help (since she's investigating the planet)
- she tries to help some of the rampage her bubble + alejandro is causing, in which case she will be able to calculate his trajectory exactly to earth from the now-disapperaed planet

# Hooks for Alejamdro

- his bubble starts disappearing so he starts yelling and olivia picks up his communications. He is out of time and so his voice can travel in strange ways.
- The black liquid stops when the renegade ruk set's off his depth charge. This causes Alejandro to be stuck, hanging from his ankle, above the silo OR below in hte water where Volkner can see him

# Hooks for Ghost Owl

- He sees the fleet of owls gathering and they tell him that they sense something but do not have the leadership (since ghost owl is now somewhat out of the spirit world). But htey bring dreams of black waters.
- He sees fleet of rats heading for the silo and meets spirit rat. They (or spirit rat) tells him of the black liquid and frozen humans.
- He sees Olivia and feels a kinship because of time magic use.
- He sees the blakc liquid vial and notices that it is impossible to recall any knowledge for it. As if it was there before the spirit world itself.
- He feels the renegade ruk depth charge and then feels it sesonating with the blakc liquid (vial, rat, or Alejandro)
- He meets the Estate agents, who feel a certain wisdom from him, and they ask for his knowledge to help assits the world' cleverest and most intelligent human.
- Spirit rat brings a message from the Great Spirits: something is stirring that should not be and the barrier is weakening. It has to do with the Ruk's charge angering/waking-up the young planetvore. "Something has awoken that should not be. We are holding the barrier, but it is not purely from our universe. We need the one whose has traveled inbetween to find what has awoken and make it slumber to balance the spirit world once again."

# Additional Characters

- Isra is going to play

## Melhorn and Abi

Estate agents sent to investigate "hum" (renegade ruk) and new predator (microraptor). Melhorn is a wizard in other recusion, always has a book with him, and has an intese gift to find cyphers. Abi is a short-tempered, guns-blazing, shoot-first-then-ask-questions agent. They ride on a mtorcycle (abi) and sidecar (melhorn).

# Alejandro + Olivia

- may take one mental stress because of careening destruction of bubble through space
- may take one physica stress because of being pulled by ankle

- Alejandro has truble talking to all humans, including Volkner, so Olivia or Ghost Owl will have to help translate. Talking to Volkner will require a roll of 3.

- Alejandro actually thinks Volkner looks really nice, so he will think Volkner can seduce any other human :)

- Olivia has been to earth before, but only to the prehistoric nature earth when only bacteria liked in the waters and the oxygen was much higher. She will haave to make a check to overcome the changed conditions, he protection, and her anatomy.

- Alejandro has visited earth often, and even made a friend the last time (H.P. Lovecraft). He is the source of the stories and is "Vorvados". 

Vorvados:
- The Flaming One
- Lord of the Universal Spaces
- The Troubler of the Sands
- Who Waiteth in the Outer Dark

appears as a cloaked, hooded being, enveloped in green flames, with fiery eyes. 

He is described as a son of both the Elder God Nodens and the Great Old One Lythalia and has a twin brother, Yaggdytha

# Olivia

New Aspect: "Wanted"

# Alejandro

New aspect: "Out of time"

# Volkner

- must roll a clearing obstacle with target 4 or takes 2 stress from seeing Alejandro.

Gets new aspect: "avatar of the cunning rat"

# Ghost Owl

He gets a new apsect: "He who is in between"

