# Events

- Party split into:

	- Group A: Volkner, Abi, Ghost Owl, Isra
	- Group B: Adi, Olivia, Vi, Alejandro
	
- Group A kept looking for spiders in the south now

- Group B went trying to figure out the "sense of danger"

- Group A found the alien plants

	- Destroyed (partially) one of them and saw the roots, smoke, and piles of bones. Tracks around cluster.
	
	- Destroyed the entire 100meter down 5-meter radious cilinder of the earth. So plant completely destroyed
	
	- Analyzed a second plant (with Abi shielding the air) and found:
	
		- Plant not from earth
		- Closest to Ruk (tech + bio together)
		- Plants "absorb" everything around them
		- Smoke is a defense mechanism that causes knockout
		- Frangance can attract or drive away
		- Frangrance are complex nanobots
		- All analuzed via magic, spirit, and genius
		
- Group B tried to medidate for danger

	 - Learned that danger was "underground" and in the future
	 - asked The Estate / Jean for help
	 - Found convergence of native legends around:
		 - Something that fell from the sky and was put to sleep by the spirits
		 - A warning that it will awaken someday
		 - The adjective used is: Black
		 - Names:
			 - The Black Swell
			 - The River of Black
			 - The Flowing Black
			 - The Black of the Liquid Universe
			 
- Group B: Adi tunneled down 100 meters and found nothing out of the ordinary. Thinks something may be deeper still.

- Group B still around the cenote grid

- Group A: Abi and Ghost Owl were midly caught by first palnt's fragance, abi was unable to move away. Both felt very hungry and tired all of a sudden.  Plant was attracting them using fragance and absorbing their energy via it's *roots* that were spread out underground where they were stepping.

- Group A: fist plant was atop a 10-meter tall pile of bones. All type of bones (human, dogs, lizard, etc). The roots were interwiven around the bones. The roots seemed to be moving even after top part was destroyed.

- Group A: plant may be sentient and we might be abble to communicate with it.

