# Things/Events

- Players starting hunting for "black spiders" (Ruk drones)

- Players found "grid" of cenotes (sinkholes) south-east of Merida

- Players investigated sinkholes and found a cavern underneath each

- The sinkholws are 36 in a 6x6 grid and from inside could be seen to not be natural, athough caverns lookes natural.

- In each carvern was a single perfect sphere hemisphere indentation, as if corroded with acid, on the floor along with a marble-sized object

- Marbles are Ruk technology though simple. Found this by squishing one of them (before buzz)

- Players camped out near cenote

- This is a arid area of Yucatan

- Near dawn, another Buzz happened and players notices marbles reacting to it

- Players found that marbles are a kind of buzz repeater that bounced the buzz directly into the ground as in ground-penetrating radar. Found this by splitting one.

- Players are carrying all 36 marbles. 1 Squished, 1 split, and 34 pristine. Taken after buzz.

- Players contacted Federation and asked for help because of Alejandro being the last of his species. Federation said yes with a 1-2 day logistical timescale to even figure out how to get to Earth (frontier).

- Federation scientists (no name) seemed extremely interested in exploding planets, black liquid, and recursions

- players did *not* meet with Federation sicneitst to discuss information other than a summary of what happened to Alejandro

- Guillermo Santos and another act as player's bodyguards

- Also The Estate asked for and received help from two "Gods of Destruction" (Dragon Ball Super) to act as help and guards.

- current party
  - Alejandro (npc, Volvadross Avatar from Innsmouth recursion)
  - Olivia (npc, Time displaced, Warrant, Destroyer of Division of Magic and perhaps Og)
  - Ghost Owl
  - Volkner (Rat Avatar, Cursed By Spirits)
  - Guillermo (npc, Follows Vorvadross against Deep Ones)
  - Guillermo Lackey (npc, Follows Guillermo)
  - Abi (npc, The Estate, Ardwyn Recursion, Owl Avatar)
  - Melhorn (npc, The Estate, Ardwyn Recursion)
  - Jean (npc, Ruk authority, The Estate)
  - Avi/Vi (npc, Spirit World Shaman, Guide)
  - Mark Chan and Vin (npc, Predation, The Tribe, Rookie Agent, micro-raptor companion, following Ruk)
