# Events

- Mexico Navy finds island because they saw fire, and were already covering scientifict area mapping 

- Renegade Ruk sink a few ships that are trying to setup search perimeter for scientific survey 

- Scientific survey searchng for lost insland begins initial preparations

- Ghost owl gets "sense" of black liquid after dream with doe

- The Estate agents Abi and Melhorn try to capture Alivia, will also capture others in a non-dangerous way (sleep, stun, faint, etc.)

- Alien plants consentrate around venter of Kinshil (left of Merida, nearest sttlement to portal)

- Drug cartels think a new player and drug are around (it's actually the alien plants) and start mobilizing looking for new people.

- Whales beached all around yucatan

- Shaman starts investigating beached whales and "new drug"

- Estate division headquarters has federation receiver so when close Alivia's PED (Personal Entrusted Duplicate) starts receiving latest information

- Federation Finds Olivia's residue on Balti

- Federation sends warrant, freezes all her accounts

- Balti destruction was 50 years ago from now

- Destruction of Og and Balti (especially Division of Magic) captures the attention of Ruk. They believe a new player is afoot and are searching for Olivia and Alejandro. This was also sstarted 50 years ago.

- Olivia's PED signals to Federation and Ruk that Olivia is around earth.

- Alejandro's PED signals that he is around earth

- Renegade Ruk continues depth charges.

- Abi OR Predation Agent can both be Owl Avatar

- Black Liquid is moving *very* slowly, but will accelerate as the depth charges get adapted for.

- A malfuction of the renegade ruks equipment (for whater reason :) ) will cause the liquid to start moving through space-time again.

- There are tons of particulates of black luquid from minig rig (where the frozen humans were) that are almost imperceptable but Ghost Owl can sense them.

- Black liquid sample given to Volkner was actually found in Ruk during a previous operation!


# First Scene

The Navy finds them, tries to first help then take them in because of strange equipment (Olivia) and weirness (Alejandro).


