
# Events

- Alenjandro, Ghost Owl, and Olivia taken into estate office

- Bento tries, and fails, to kill Allejandro with ritual dagger

- Abi is told about May

- Jean figures out that poison cloud was from Ruk and the plant/monster it is from

- Jean uses tech to disguise Alenjandro as "Dwayne Johnson" (someone was playing with her gadgest :) ) and ghost owl and Vin Diesel

- Abi punches Volkner for killing May

- Avi Snachez reaches office and tries to get it, fails, starts spray-painting the Great Spirits seal as graffitti around building. She's finally called in when they see Ghost-Owls same mark.

- Avi Snachez tells them she is a guide for group.

- Ghost Owl, on meditation and after rest, feels the Avatar near (and possily figures out it is Abi).


# Scenes


## Scene 1
Ghost owl, who is awake but paralized, sees the following play out.

_description:_ 
Abi and Melhorn sky-ski through the marshes and then up towards Merida.
They do not take any roads and stay clear of most settlements in between.
In fact, they will automatically move where they are best conceiled.
Melhorn will take vitals and make sure everyone is still alive.

_Melhorn_: They're all still alive. But it's nothing I've seen before. Not magic eatiehr or we would feel it.

_Abi_: _grunt_( hmmm )

_Melhorn_: Maybe next time we could try talking first before we blow people up

_Abi_: _lokking over at Melhorn_ you know they shot at us first right? 

_Melhorn_: yes ... but maybe next time you could just take off a limb or two instead of blasting them to pieces...

_Abi_: _looking back to her driving_ That wasn't me. I hit the engine block but nothing on a boat should have caused it to explode ... _grunt_ and you know I don't like being cruel. Clean shot I take it, or no shot at all.

_Melhorn_: welll .... we got this ... thing out of it .... _looking at scrapped mass_ .... it had to have been inside those crates .... _looking into the jar_ just what are you and what were they doing with you? ...


--------------------------------------------------------------------

## Scene 2

_description_

abi and melhorn get to estate after weaving through Merida into the east corner of hte city. No-one pays any attention to them and it looks like no-one even
sees them.

_reaching estate building_

_Abi_: Got an ugly comming in!

_she grabs alejandro and puts him on her back. She also reaches for ghost owl and holds him by his feet, and starts carrying them into the building.

_Abi_: jeeze ... feel like this guy's gotten heavier...

_When she enters the building, most of the poeple immediatly let out a scream seeing alejandro. Some fall out of their chairs and a couple actaully throw up. However, their training kicks in and no-one draws any weapons and they all quite down (although most still shake). The office is set up so that everyone can see everything. Even the walls for inner rooms are clear and see-trough._

_Abi carries them into a room and places them in beds, a medical/examination room of some sort but with some equipment ghost owl does not recognize. Melhorn also comes into the room carrying Olivia, setting her in the last of the beds._

_Abi_: will you look at that ... who would've thought Benton could keep his cool under pressure ... _gesturing with her head to and agent who had not even flinched when Alejandro was brought in_

_Melhorn_: _grunts_

_Abi sets down on a chair at the enf of the room and leans back, putter her boots up onto Olivia's bed and streching her hands behind her head._

_Melhorn_: _shaking his head_ I guess **I** will go and fetch Jean ...

_Abi_: sounds good _she says while touching her right knukle to her nose then closes her eyes as Melhorn leaves in search of Marla_

_After a minute you see Abi pick herself up and also leave the room. Except that something feels strange to you about her look. If you really focus she looks to be a little fuzzy and the light doesn't quite look normal around her._

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Scene 3

_A few minutes after Abi leaves the room, you see a man (agent?) enter the room and pause at the door. He looks back and around the office before closing the door and moving fully into the room. After scanning the room, he suddenly grins and starts walking towards Alejandro_

_Benton_: I see you, weak Volvadross.

_he takes out a small knife from inside his jacket. Ghost owl can tell immediately that something is very *wrong* about the knife. It's clearly not a normal knife.

_Benton_: The Deep Ones will not allow ...

_Benton was now standing over Alejandro's bed when he stopped and his head fell onto the floor, Abi's sword cutting it cleanly off in a single swipe. There was no blood and no sound as his body slowly fell back and his the wall with a thud. Then the other agents noticed and started shouting after Benton and Abi. Melhorn appeared at the door and looked down at the body then back to Abi._

_Abi_: Told you he wasn't acting normally

_besides Melhorn a woman appeared and gave a little gasp as she saw the body. Abi reached down and grabbed the head, throwing it at the woman_

_Abi_: Here's a present Jean. He was talking about the Deep Ones. Had a pretty little knife with him too. _she pointed to the knife still being held by hte body_

_Melhorn caught the head as Jean stepped further back_

_Melhorn_: You know we could have talked to him ...

_Abi_: *grunt* He was ready to slice up our guest, didn't even try to talk to him. Besides, you know we can still talk to him if we really need to.

_The woman, Jean, finally composed herself and entered the room as Abi and Melhorn bantered. She took out a set of googles, strange and wrapped in wired and lenses of different shapes, and started looking at Olivia, Ghost Owl and Alejandro._

_Jean_: You said there was some brown smoke. From things like that stuff in the Jar Melhorn?

_She kept toggling micro-switches on the googles as she started examining Olivia.

_Jean_: Well, she's definitely wearing a witch's apparel. Looks like Federation from he personal comm device. Hmmmm ... something strange here about her clothing ....It's like she got them from all different places and times ... you've got cutting-edge socks colored with prehistoric dyes .... She's alive and well, looks like some form of deep sleep ... maybe some numbing of her nerves ... especially touch ....

_Jean moved over the Ghost Owl and started examining him _

_Jean_: Definitely Earth ... looks like he's related to the spirit world  .... Look at this on his leg, the Great Spirits seal .... he's bot a purpose but hasn't finished it yet ... oh! he's still awake! his spirit connection must have reduced the effects

_Jean started mumbling about toxins and spirit connections as she moved onto Alejandro_

_Abi_: You think he can hear us?

_Jean_: yeah, he's fully awake just can't move. Hear, smell, see ... all of it.

_Jean takes out a small rod with a few dials and waves it around Alejandro feet to head and back. When she finishes Ghost owl sees a faint shimmer around Alejandro in the shape of .... Dwayne Johnson ...

_Jean_: _turns towards office and loudly asks_ Who's been messing with my stuff!?

_Jean sighs then looks back at Alejandro. Everyone suddenly feels more relaxed after disguising Alejandro's appearance.

_Jean_: Same as the first one. Looks like whatever this is hit xenobios as well as us. 

_She turns to look at Ghost owl, then repeats the process with the wand. Ghost owl can now faintly see an outline of Vin Diesel around himself._

_Jean nods and takes off her googles, putting them and the wand into a bag. Then she walks towards the dagger and takes a closer look._

_Jean_: The Deep Ones huh? .... I'll look into this symbol here in the hilt. Also that tattoo behind his ear ... let me patch them up first ....

_Jean takes the dagger then leaves to gather the things needed to heal the group. Melhorn turns the head around and looks at the back of hte ears

_Melhorn_: How does she do that!

_Abi_: *shrug and picks up the body* I tell you Melhorn, the best thing about Earth is trash day ... they just pick it right up and dump it for you!

_Abi takes the body back towards the loading dock._

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Scene 4

_Jean has given the group some patches and said the would take about 20 minutes to fully heal everyone_

_Abi enters back from the dock (no body). A woman calls over to her

_Sarah_: Abi, come into my office there's something we need to talk about.

_Abi looks at Melhorn and he shrugs. But you notice that a lot of people in the office are suddenly veeery interested in what they are doing and none of them make eye contact with Abi as she walks towards the room. As the woman closes the door behind Abi she looks straight at Melhorn and shakes her head a tiny bit._


_Things start to feel cold ... really cold. Frost rims the door to the room Abi is in and you can see her motionless looking down. Then she bursts up and through the frozen door, shattering it, and charges down the stairs in the middle of the office, literally jumping down to the floor below, trailing frost and ice. As soon as the door shatters Melhorn runs towards her yelling her name and actually follows after her, jumping down as well._

--------------------------------------------------------------

## Scene 5

